# **Web Accessibility**
 Web Accessibility is the practice of designing web sites so that they are usable and accessable. This is important because the web is increasingly integraged into our daily lives and in many ways has already become neccessary to function in the modern world. It is something that is important to me because I have minnor visual imparement and struggle with ADHD. All to often websites fail to have even a basic dark mode. Web sites often are littered with flashing text, images, adds and overflowing with pop ups. As someone with ADHD these practaces make the web site nearly unusalbe for me. This problem is further compounded when neurologic coditions such as epilepsy are considered. For those sufffering from epilipsy who have episodes trigged by flashing lights or images simply using the internet can result in physical injuy.

 There are many things that can be done to make websites accessable for people with disabilities. It would be overwhelmning to try and envision every possble senario and there are specific disablities that might be hard to design for. Nevertheless there are some basic design approaches that should always be implemented. The most basic is having a dark mode and ensuring that the website is compatable with screen readers for the blind. Moving slighty beyond that, yet, still remaning basic is to addd a toggle for those suffering from color blindness. This can be as simple as a grey or black and white mode. Certianly not the most attractive, but people suffering from color blindness would rather be able to see whats on the site than get what amounts to a blank page. This is also in the best interests of the website oweners and opeators. Losing traffic because users are unable to see anything on the page due to vision diffculties defeats the entire purpose of having a website in the first place.

 Aria attrubutes are HTML attribues that make web content accessible to assistive technologies.